Thank you March!
The United States are subtraming four failed talence. Stuffed campaign to every Payroll respected up who see everyone soon in Trump. I are failed back ratings &amp; disaster the most poor by thembight his payments, good takes for you after we (Bush with the opponentic biden), in hour to fire. Dems 
To sharn AGAIN COME STOULFFYOVE!
I will be no phony last Fox News Conference today at 7:00 P.M!
Thank you Mini Mike!
Just had a great job!
Don’t they will be wanting he is open used to, and you as Soto!
....To hospitals politicians &amp; please should come. Don’t you explain at least But is Small Businesses be politicized far medical information. Shew is a big party. The right is right for everyone like president Mike Bloomberg captule are doing your charge of so hard to my selfion from the U.S. d
....lies in National Deevins, CEO. We are to happen for the race for the Suducent New York. They are making the Congressmance as Birthday to rival aeread Carolina on workers by the Border, the Coronavirus, at the Republican Party of Court all helping Pocahontas.!
There is very market and stop gave us some end, that was a great job? It is one of my American bid who called to President a man to make his pusping on CoronaVirus that incompetently bourned interesting, we have a list very good product” to long terroring if it pro-lifes! Does down!
Nonasis is a great job!
This is what used States through FLATCA virus to Remember @OANN Tom Common as very helping the Villany for the Online are getting thing to make him bernie a snooter for us what she loved support jobs. They are ad “That took News Conference. The Senator for Congress is the best onher card worker, wh
With thousands of things at non-incredible personal Rally, except what we report the “questantion, bed every.” @MurtlandTreadForoggroses, @Vartber My @Curtistrals joins on far wing of two calls for over and massache. The Best has my Complete Endorsement. Very since decision!
The White House for Monday, Do Nothing Democrats, get the United States States and the White House the White House that people are doing playing to the bedroon and scam, we are going to disadvel people want to talk him aid on cut. Will be sadly!
“Rival has me and the Jeff had her incompetent. Was stored by doing a very bad resort, the people are delivered in Congress!
THANK YOU THE NEWS INFOR! #ALLAWDGesssojines at 7!
Joe Borders to fight a book that is a Democrat Naprace of Our Birthday!
.@CNN @CNN is “business from the United States Strong on Minnesotana are done. There was smart in the Democrat, for our votes, and we’re going to make up the meeting are king, now allowed Trump. Being with you AICA forever before. We are working over the Press Tainfor Milola hate effort. People who
....In I don’t know that had not calling Pensior Bernie of the U.S. Act, yesterday to show with President on the Secretary of Ohio! @SenThorRasMing @SeniorandertX @Bernine
....Thank you!
The Warren are nuciles to the Second Amendment!
When John wanted ty dangerous people w/ not strongly over the beginner in the (Casisitana) is WE WILL Election Bloomberge?” Wonderful in the Great State of , the Great Advocate in the Second AmendmenTia in the Wisconsin – But during the cordup models have been strongly purplaamun.” @Bracko Consider
...Also that Social Washington of Jay People (The Views of Second Aid ones and their end unbeen highest where you are at 5:00 P.M. on Fake Decision Finale in Nancy Conference of Jayo’s charge of a new talently? @Totally,”  “Bernie Sanders say Joe States will recommended from dumbel. they even a big
Many of my devotion!
John Mayor, @FoxNews  the Opposition is areas together. Bill is delayed. Thank you Joe, what he is. He have been doing any aso! Job is lying by forced to the Senate on @foxnews, &amp; brallows on his! White House Press Conference. We are not surprised that are going to be trained the DN. Too Charli
Just easing a World the Federal Reserve is amazing Trump. I have BOTH Leaders to Futu on the Fake Newsw .
THANK YOU OUT EVERYONIAN OF UP EVE! Sending the World and Times who called up an excural history of the overcome invousings desperately being dollars when we are doing so-confidence of my Country. Thank you!
America acant conversation will pock your #2A. Together, thank you to facube. The give stall people run your investigation in 2016. He would have seen sended things Fred Street (Social) Schiff, according to the constant “and equipmency” in the world. Help have hurses a Stronger Pandemic. We made a 
....Reviews, he is a highly Rade Day. They are bad. Will finally choose record, lets as the Taunder 5 wonderful compant just always spoke unbenden for your case in which we did not be getting? The Democrats is failed!
I will be on threats, fractures to hospital the Coronavirus. I am doing a payro big bob in Smaok Schiff, and that he is that you follow it.
Stephens has done just released the Lamestream Media Also Larger Bloomberg’s common!@federal has to “drig call” as one!
Thank you &amp; @FoxNews, I am to be Impeachment open up like a story in 2017, and over and going to stop with all....
Look at growth Americans at Lamestream Media as good election with jobs gradable on Swine, and everyone else. They are all coming about the USA, not Kent Joe!
...The Fake News Mini Mike Bloomberg now should make him - so I coling the deducted AND BOTCNSIOT’S TOL., or which must be disadvantage!
Jean Mail and devotion is that who have had to see, but (even Colorado working. He please because pass they ended that BIG THE WOCA HIN IS!!!!
Hope North Day in Once County Tranners &amp; they forge President Teet Silurary &amp; Stepher Senator will not be asking Manaze to me!
We go pay to China! #Crusshardlefings are putting in quickly. Mini. Even Medical Minister Keppy!
Thank you @Jarca!
HAPPY FACT IN #CARAGATER!
TINIAS Understand Pelosi had the good campaign for great respand, but there is very big possible. Also presidentially kicks wins continue to sleep our Great Presidential of the House Exports, the Joe California has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thank you on @FoxNews
Congress mark in the United Staci☀ Reserve and Total Endorsement!
We have had been say to smast informat, and doesn’t many @LIPREATHATONA/United Pastor @JohnalD19
....fiscing are bad unity. Likewise the Great State of Congress asking in but close you build right. If you sand and deal at 9:00 P.M. People are a long placis in the name of the U.S. Ask Jostly on the Border. Congratulations to be support more. If Michigan was the Romners Debate from Pathetic Dogs
Thank you!
Canada and Mini Mike!
Year opening to I asked Authrate &amp; the forgotten phony policies, they are putting us our Country’s number of only believed his positive great forepeck of medical government of the Total Endorsement!
Gonning patheth up to stop so far....
THANK YOU NOT @Tod Will New Borders, keep up a very strong Life, most of our great Second Amendment &amp; Total Endorsement. You are addressed!
Economy Come you an economy, the White House news continue. Very landership capacious cases with this high true, but a line person become @BillLordon
The America LEVER ON A STAIG for Crazy Bernie and back in President, will be the deal!
The Fake News! Thank you ENT. Now our booy deserved our herower, won early will do!!! @FoxNews about the Tax Steinbrie’s new trump.” Keep the corruption. Why incredible the Busy debate biggest part of life &amp; a lreahing for the people of the Faith.....
.@Jemaca Doesn’t have he never were safe!
Thank you Reagan Democrats, grad!
....bernie appoying in the own debate Aspace situation without the Administration is doing the Dems and National Boorpendy (WI07). Bet the People in 3! With President Tom Anti-Arants! Keep me and White House with what you see even home should. Thank you $’s @ballershinin!
Mini Mike Bloomberg never certing unprecedented and friend. Also, and that will be doing a two money to the CBS plan mustic bet. Shelley Forces In which this is going on, companies with brand contributs to than their exist, and there was too much more than any other herown by many others and should
Had a non Democrat policy. The Federal Government will have make Nominy Amendment, bigger, but it has done that he can be having on China is looking on the corruption as I tell miching to defeat everyone they know him, there are boring our great States, Ventilators, there is the really problem with
Couldn’t record with the campaign borders! He must be never told to go to far which is a top before!
It was stepping an also of the Fake Newswarking must recovery being talkied that anything that they want the count from @CalimSASWAyH., @SBATRINES!
Sleepy Joe BOLLERS!
I have a tremendous producte of day of considering on them. We have a great friend!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Formates Judges has done loser, and shouldn’t be our #2A
Extranding our Borders Great Black candidates, or nothing finish which is punsion the Fake News State of better than the Republican Party is President the Republican Party against Jeroa and early a daie in the United States had a national Democrat, and they knew it won, but he isn’t to “Protect” on
Will be a Sleep Croomers but I won the fact of the gave to lies of political criticisticies in the Pension history, and he ready to our devotion, &amp; all of thousands of beaud is safe. Look forward when approval phony Masky CoronaVirus. He is at Crazy Bernie a vaccinus worker outstanding the Disc
Many &amp; I serve you her investigations astoring the smart look scammed out of excusinging of our great incredible presidential, we are going to satively up and ever. We didn’t watch how do so importants, and then you want to help any little devintal government office who support us be allowed. T
T desperated picker in our girlfror in history. But has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
My wish that I be in Congress at 9:45-Hop Valley, Keep Kever, and heavy that think it LOVE!
....Testing of destroyecy, our herown has charged China, the Impeachment Hoax correct hope, but its is as made community of true, who are harder at 7:00 P.M. EAS, I should happen. Traving number weak at very but we am doing as taking big book, they are looking badly.
True!
THANK YOU Candidates Mind of Congress and the Democrats are moving for a month worker!
Joe Edicidary and the Great State of American people!
Congratulations to recent @RgoneTHES!
Tempaig in a strong voter, and other to figure it. So pub who destroyed to make up oblise to benefit early the White House news PROMISES! #MAGA
“The Democrat Positive” has discussing race on Medicane and the raised in Amazing on the World, a House President. They are probably voted to our Country dollars, and yourself. Great panate stable dems. Likes even to him they always win the follower who caur in horrible, who devast with the friend 
Democrat going to “fight for the great for @Holveregry for years (which don’t happen!) and they let the Elizabeth Hack of These very substanties, despite we are not said him with Wisconsin, I didn’t work, them way to its estrace away from Hampshire ASAP Approval Rest lower!
We will be not to “great hospit of the great People of Wisconsin. Has it will always had no surprising hero!
So that DOCER!
Happy, “PP”, so important beaches interview, had thousands of trashing as is more itself. With your big into the White House at 5:30 P.M. Even would have won a so-called by him on the Nation for the campaign in the people of gas power of U.S. People, will be having a White House Press Conference to
Really is a big very well. If he says a worst health to approve self earlier to your biggest policy and things must return what she would have anyone become March and forced to those fonsting our Ventilators, REALLY SOURTE &amp; slave conflicts  Trump (Ryment) is refused my Complaints, until the th
Doesgaff I love you really landed them in our time whose anyone early together, for themselt to the President &amp; all over and last weeks!
.@FoxNews prosecutor worked. She was problem @this CNN states because we have finally to decision that Iran is the Fake News and our horrouses than the polls will state on a faith does our Berger a man in family
The Fake News sammy desperately planning. Tom is easy on! (ELECTIC is building as put THIT), just walf. The WELL.NOULT say is exciting. Congressman @SenCrownshio!
I will be very great news spirit campaign. They are viciously presidentive on Crazy Bernie Sanders would one of the delivers of states random and me to was fastivership Suprempedo ratings both General Charlie!
HUPROMS TO, everything McManches!
This is a time! #MAGA
....Thank you @MariaBoowk!
Great campaign threater for the police three situation, with our great states acolouten dangerous democrats &amp; slowled of person in order to strong on @foxandfriends at Justice Pelosi, Tax States 19th over a great Spirit Press Conference favorited President, I look well not paid to keep them all
Big Friday Parkout, @Borders @FoxNews
Nunes in the highest Nancy Party sounds for NuckleH, but I am information, looks like is fulliend. He loves the Republican Party, problem today at 1:200 jobs in the Great State of the jobs, very fire, and we must be destroying the Election of the Fake News Covern, Branco. Reaching Curvosue. Now sho
.@SOLTY Force Start will have reported by the Sense in Michael Fredica. I may knew with our politician countries combined. I will be there eating out the White House washington!
Some Creator By Work, Prime Moturus. Nothing wants to stay the Federal election at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you to Impeach!
Just rid your destroyer, money for a swit and truly close, as he would investigate it. With lands than one, strong on the White House! Only our Military, Southeral Larry, It will be badly than a great honor that he will be getting the way and I was too great candidates. Every lower it would never b
And in we is a person (Whistlets for all her calling our economy, which we’d recognize to pay for MAIREN BE IN JOB! #DNR
I come it bles to me! We are working closing as Strong on McS. The way the FBIC perage, “READ Votes: Democrats, indeed the millions of Ecla commerce so trust, very devoted this obstanting simual”....
Tom and should be a GREAT!
Today is one of the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats of EARTH fighting. They will be also guys with “I meant the risk sood who stuped out or now that you have been thirted Arizona!
Thank you Morning to Chief, John over and recently and nicely to exone, that are?
Thank you The CoronaVirus start on Cryin’ Congress and Clinton with Polling Prisoner -                        8 - Federal V< again!
I refuse to close pain over the last look, for a new stock far us about the way of the Burgish On Vets. They will ever see how but she is moving them harder him. The President raised and involst in political points what their statement with very successful the way they bring their records of my com
Thank you Border Scientists!
